Add tip about missing realpath on macosx (#44)
Alfresco/alfresco-build-tools: README.md

### setup-updatebot

### setup-yq

## Known issues

### realpath not available under macosx

When running pre-commit locally you may get failures with the following error:

```
realpath: command not found
```

> This is because macosx lacks support for that, and can be fixed via:

Author: ```suggestion
This is because macosx lacks support for that, and it can be fixed with:
```
